DOC-2221: add new notification messages to `cloud-troubleshooting.adoc` file for 5x docs. (#3017)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: cloud-deployment-guide/cloud-troubleshooting.md

> **NOTE**: The wording of the notifications shown here may differ from the actual notifications from {{site.cloudname}}.

> ## "A valid API key is required, starting 2024, to continue using TinyMCE. Please alert your admin to check the current API key."

Author: ```suggestion
## "A valid API key is required, starting 2024, to continue using TinyMCE. Please alert your admin to sign-up to get your free API key."
```
